capital = 834
primary_culture = greek
religion = orthodox
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 25.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.22
civilized = yes
prestige = 5

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 

school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = GRE_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 35
	conservative = 55
	reactionary = 10
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Technologies
corps_system = 1
rifled_muskets = 1
artillery_standardization = 1
military_academies = 1
army_meritocratic_commissions = 1
line_of_battle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
age_of_sail_design = 1
rating_system = 1
board_of_admiralty = 1
navy_meritocratic_commissions = 1
baroque_art = 1
counter_revolutionary_thought = 1
social_physics = 1
the_social_contract = 1
moralism = 1
family_banks = 1
metallism = 1
physiocratic_theory = 1
putting_out_system = 1
pumping_steam_engine = 1
metal_machine_tooling = 1
crucible_steel_production = 1
triage = 1

# Inventions

#Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 2
nonstate_consciousness = 0

oob = "GRE_oob.txt"

1843.9.3 = {
	decision = hellenic_parliament
}

1861.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1861/GRE_oob.txt"
	government = hms_government	
	plurality = 50
	literacy = 0.27

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = universal_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = free_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = harassment

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools
	
# Technologies
	corps_system = 1
	rifled_muskets = 1
	muzzle_loaded_rifles = 1
	artillery_standardization = 1
	iron_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
	military_academies = 1
	army_meritocratic_commissions = 1
	army_professionalism = 1
	
	line_of_battle = 1
	age_of_sail_design = 1
	clipper_design = 1
	rating_system = 1
	board_of_admiralty = 1
	navy_meritocratic_commissions = 1
	the_command_principle = 1
	
	family_banks = 1
	metallism = 1
	no_standard = 1
	physiocratic_theory = 1
	mercantilist_policy = 1
	freedom_of_trade = 1
	putting_out_system = 1
	organized_factories = 1
	
	baroque_art = 1
	romanticism = 1
	counter_revolutionary_thought = 1
	idealism = 1
	social_physics = 1
	positivism = 1
	the_social_contract = 1
	ideological_thought = 1
	state_n_government = 1
	moralism = 1
	associationism = 1
	
	pumping_steam_engine = 1
	water_wheel_power = 1
	metal_machine_tooling = 1
	crucible_steel_production = 1
	posting_system = 1
	triage = 1
	medicine = 1
	
#Inventions
	
}
