capital = 397
primary_culture = north_german
culture = french
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 25.2
nationalvalue = nv_productivity
literacy = 0.45
civilized = yes
prestige = 1


# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = free_press
trade_unions = non_socialist
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = fourteen_hours
safety_regulations = low_safety
health_care = low_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = LUX_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 20
	conservative = 65
	reactionary = 5
	anarcho_liberal = 5
	socialist = 5
	communist = 0
}

# Technologies
corps_system = 1
rifled_muskets = 1
artillery_standardization = 1
military_academies = 1
army_meritocratic_commissions = 1
line_of_battle = 1
age_of_sail_design = 1
rating_system = 1
board_of_admiralty = 1
navy_meritocratic_commissions = 1
baroque_art = 1
counter_revolutionary_thought = 1
social_physics = 1
the_social_contract = 1
moralism = 1
family_banks = 1
metallism = 1
physiocratic_theory = 1
mercantilist_policy = 1
putting_out_system = 1
pumping_steam_engine = 1
metal_machine_tooling = 1
crucible_steel_production = 1
triage = 1

#Inventions

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 3
nonstate_consciousness = 1

oob = "LUX_oob.txt"
1861.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1861/LUX_oob.txt"
	plurality = 60
	literacy = 0.80
}
1861.1.1 = {
# Technologies
	corps_system = 1
	strategic_mobility = 1
	point_defense_system = 1
	rifled_muskets = 1
	muzzle_loaded_rifles = 1
	breech_loaded_rifles = 1
	artillery_standardization = 1
	iron_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
	iron_breech_loaded_artillery = 1
	military_academies = 1
	military_plans = 1
	military_statistics = 1
	army_meritocratic_commissions = 1
	army_professionalism = 1
	army_decision_making = 1
	
	line_of_battle = 1
	post_nelsonian_thought = 1
	age_of_sail_design = 1
	clipper_design = 1
	rating_system = 1
	fire_control_systems = 1
	board_of_admiralty = 1
	naval_plans = 1
	navy_meritocratic_commissions = 1
	
	family_banks = 1
	private_banks = 1
	business_banks = 1
	metallism = 1
	no_standard = 1
	physiocratic_theory = 1
	early_classical_theory_and_critique = 1
	mercantilist_policy = 1
	freedom_of_trade = 1
	putting_out_system = 1
	organized_factories = 1
	
	baroque_art = 1
	romanticism = 1
	counter_revolutionary_thought = 1
	idealism = 1
	empiricism = 1
	social_physics = 1
	positivism = 1
	the_social_contract = 1
	ideological_thought = 1
	state_n_government = 1
	nationalism_n_imperialism = 1
	moralism = 1
	associationism = 1
	#phenomenalism = 1
	
	pumping_steam_engine = 1
	water_wheel_power = 1
	high_n_low_pressure_steam_engines = 1
	metal_machine_tooling = 1
	publishing_industry = 1
	interchangeable_parts = 1
	crucible_steel_production = 1
	mechanized_mining = 1
	cheap_iron = 1
	posting_system = 1
	early_railroad = 1
	iron_railroad = 1
	triage = 1
	medicine = 1
	inorganic_chemistry = 1

#Inventions

}
