capital = 738
primary_culture = north_italian
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 25.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.3
civilized = yes
prestige = 1
is_releasable_vassal = no	#In accordance with group rules

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = PAR_reactionary
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 25
	conservative = 60
	reactionary = 15
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Technologies
corps_system = 1
rifled_muskets = 1
artillery_standardization = 1
military_academies = 1
army_meritocratic_commissions = 1
line_of_battle = 1
age_of_sail_design = 1
rating_system = 1
board_of_admiralty = 1
navy_meritocratic_commissions = 1
baroque_art = 1
counter_revolutionary_thought = 1
social_physics = 1
the_social_contract = 1
moralism = 1
family_banks = 1
metallism = 1
physiocratic_theory = 1
mercantilist_policy = 1
putting_out_system = 1
pumping_steam_engine = 1
metal_machine_tooling = 1
crucible_steel_production = 1
triage = 1

#Inventions

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 3
nonstate_consciousness = 1

oob = "PAR_oob.txt"

1861.1.1 = {
# Technologies
	corps_system = 1
	rifled_muskets = 1
	artillery_standardization = 1
	military_academies = 1
	army_meritocratic_commissions = 1
	family_banks = 1
	metallism = 1
	physiocratic_theory = 1
	mercantilist_policy = 1
	putting_out_system = 1
	organized_factories = 1
	baroque_art = 1
	counter_revolutionary_thought = 1
	idealism = 1
	social_physics = 1
	the_social_contract = 1
	moralism = 1
	pumping_steam_engine = 1
	metal_machine_tooling = 1
	publishing_industry = 1
	crucible_steel_production = 1
	posting_system = 1
	triage = 1
	medicine = 1
	line_of_battle = 1
	age_of_sail_design = 1
	rating_system = 1
	board_of_admiralty = 1
	navy_meritocratic_commissions = 1

#Inventions
	john_ramsay_mcculloch = yes
	nassau_william_sr = yes
	james_mill = yes
	ammunition_production = yes
	small_arms_production = yes
	explosives_production = yes
	artillery_production = yes
	building_station_shipyards = yes
	clinical_thermometers_and_binaural_stethoscopes = yes
	genetics:_heredity = yes
	prophylaxis_against_malaria = yes
	pressure_chambers_for_thorax_surgery = yes
	work_classification = yes
	chemotherapy = yes
	work_specialization = yes
}
